Baby I can make your Plymouth Rock!,
Damn girl you’ve got some fine yams.,
Dear Turkeys don't worry... they only love us for our breasts too. Sincerely women.,
Do you wanna ride my mayflower?,
For the first time we are going to have a HAPPY Thanksgiving. This year I am stuffing the turkey with Prozac!,
Happy Turkey Day America! Don't forget to name the turkey and make everyone uncomfortable.,
Hope your Turkey is moist and your stuffing in fluffy and when you're done eating you'll be nice and stuffy.,
I can give you something to really be thankful about!,
I checked the meat thermometer and you’re officially one hot bird.,
I have a thing for butterballs.,
I never understood why the Lions and Cowboys always get to play on Thanksgiving. Shouldn't the Patriots play the Redskins and then steal their stadium.,
I put the “pump” in pumpkin pie.,
I'd love to get you in my gravy boat.,
I'd love to stuff your turkey sweetheart.,
I'm a real master baster.,
I'm excited about Thanksgiving because I love unwelcome parenting advice from relatives I see twice a year.,
I've got a little something for you to gobble on.,
I’d love to get you in my gravy boat.,
I’d love to stuff your turkey sweetheart.,
I’m the opposite of a turkey… I cook for four and a half hours after my timer pops!,
I’ve got a little something for you to gobble on.,
If I was a turkey I'd be doing everything I could to taste terrible right now.,
If you didn't want to sit at the kids' table then you shouldn't have seen the new Twilight movie.,
Let's play pilgrims and native Americans; I'll lure you over under false pretenses and we'll feast.,
Mmm cranberry sauce,
My aunt is bringing her homemade cranberry sauce to our Thanksgiving dinner and my uncle is bringing his blatant racism!,
My cooking is so bad my kids thought Thanksgiving was to commemorate Pearl Harbor.,
My corn always wear a husk,
No need to get up for seconds! I’m more than happy to let you gobble off of my plate!,
On Thanksgiving Day all over America families sit down to dinner at the same moment ..... halftime.,
So technically we’re not blood related right? Because those juicy breasts are making me hungry!,
Thanksgiving dinner isn’t the only thing that will make you wanna loosen your belt.,
Thanksgiving is an emotional holiday. People travel thousands of miles to be with people they only see once a year. And then discover once a year is way too often. -Johnny Carson,
Thanksgiving is great because people tend to speak less when food is lodged in their mouths.,
The only thing sweeter than pumpkin pie is you baby!,
There is a special place in hell for people that play Christmas music before Thanksgiving.,
There's only one cavity that I want to stuff if you know what I mean.,
They should change the name of Thanksgiving to something more fitting like say Turkeypocolypse or Stuffing-cide.,
This turkey looks great. So are you a breast man or a thigh man?,
Those juicy breasts are making me hungry!,
Tying the legs together will keep the inside moist.,
Wanna take a look at my meat thermometer?,
Want to break the wishbone? I’m wishing for a date with you.,
Want to really freak someone out? Add 2 extra turkey legs to the turkey when it's in the oven.,
When you're around,
Why don’t you put down that second piece of pie pretty pilgrim. I think it’s high time you discovered my Plymouth rock.,
Would you like to try some of this dark meat?,
Wow that's one fantastic spread!,
You can call me Tryptophan because you'll be all sleepy after I'm done with you!,
You don't need Thanksgiving to hate your family.,
You have to smoke a couple of bowls before Thanksgiving dinner. I can't think of a better time to have the munchies.,
You put the 'ass' in 'casserole',
You've got the juiciest breasts in town.,
You’re like Thanksgiving dinner — delicious satisfying and after we’re done I’ll probably fall asleep.,
You’re the only girl I'd ever share my secret method to moist turkey with!,
