A Netflix movie might be too long. How about we just make out through this entire season of Sitcom.,Are you Netflix because I could watch you for hours.,Babe are you on Netflix? Because I keep on getting you as my suggestions.,Babe dating is like Netflix. There's more to enjoy if you can try out new guys.,Babe let's how much you could orgasm in a Netflix session.,Babe these Netflix shows are not the only thing I am binging on tonight.,Babe once we start having a good time we won't answer to Netflix 'Are You Still Watching'.,Do you know what is better than Netflix? Having sex while watching Netflix.,Girl I am better than Netflix. I could pleasure you for hours on demand.,Girl how about you enjoy some Netflix and let me do all the hard work.,Girl time to Skip Intro and go straight to reality show business.,Girl your body is making this playlist of mine trending hard now.,I don't want no Netflix I just want you as my sweet fix.,I got money you got the body. How about we make some homemade Netflix Originals.,I prefer my next upcoming Netflix release inside you.,I would ask for Netflix and Chill but you look like you are into more interactive stories.,Instead of waiting for shows coming this week or next week how about let's come together now.,Let's skip the Netflix on the sofa and go straight to chill in my bed.,Let's take our relationship to the next level. Here is my Netflix account.,Netflix and Chill?,Netflix suggestion for you. Because you have watched with clothes on you might also enjoy watching with clothes off.,Want to party? Here's a Netflix account and let's throw a Netflix Party.,You are my one and only Netflix special you are the only documentary that I want to experience.,You are watching Netflix at home I am watching Netflix at home. How about we watch it together sometimes in bed?,You know what's better than Netflix? My dicks.,All my life has been a series of doors in my face and then suddenly I bumped into you.,All this ice but you still melted my heart.,Are you a bit of fixer upper? Nothing a bit of sweet loving won't fix.,Babe you are worth melting for.,Do you want to build a snow man?,Girl you smell better than reindeer.,I like warm hugs. Do you like them too?,I want to let it go inside you.,It may sound crazy but we’ll need a few days to plan the ceremony.,Let it go let it go let your clothes go.,Let the storm rage on.,Love is an open door!,Some people are worth melting for.,The cold never bothered me anyway.,The only frozen heard around here is yours and I will thaw it.,The wind is howling like this swirling storm inside.,Want to ride our bikes around the halls?,You have melted my frozen heart.,You really don't know anything about love do you? Want to make some?,You want to talk about a problem? I sell ice for a living. Would you be my Elsa and help me?,And do the next right thing babe go out with me.,Are you the one I've been looking for?,Babe let me take you into the unknown.,Can you feel me? Can you show me? Ah-ah oh-oh,Don't be afraid of what you are risking babe just follow me.,Every day's a little harder as I feel my dick grow.,Everything I've ever loved is here within these walls.,Girl absolutely everything makes sense with you.,Girl don't you know there's part of me that longs to go deep inside.,Girl you have gotten me lost in my morning wood.,I'm Coming and it feels like I am home.,It feels like our future is calling.,I've had my adventure I don't need something new. I just want you now.,Show yourself. I'm ready to learn!,Some things never change like how I'm loving you.,When all is lost then all is found when I first saw you.,“BOOO! NOT COOL!,Are we in Froopyland? We gotta f*ck and eat our babies.,Are you pirates of the pancreas? Cuz we gonna be having a shit load of legal issues after one ride.,Are you ready to get sexually assimilated?,Are you the Rick and Morty fan? Because I want to leave you on edge for a long ass time.,Are you the Rick to my Morty? Because you look like you've got your priorities in order.,Babe my portal gun is going to take you places.,Babe you are my one and only Morty.,Do you want to have sex with me. It’s ok I can just hop dimensions until I find one where you say yes. And we can have sex then.”,Do you watch Rick and Morty?,Forget about the Vindicators let's see what this PussyBreaker can do.,Get Schwifty with me this Valentine´s Day.,Girl are you meeseeks? I want you to complete one simple task and disappear.,Girl you are special out of infinite dimension you are the only one saying no.,Girl I ain't leaving until I get a selfie.,Girl let's get on some wild adventures!,Girl you don't need no vibrator when you got this Pickled Dick.,Hey baby I am just a lonely Rick looking for his Morty. Will you help me find him?,Hey baby let´s get naked cuddle eat food and just lay in bed and watch Rick & Morty all day long.,Hey girl are you a MeeSeeks? Because I want you to complete one simple task and then disappear.,Hey girl did you know that Rick & Morty is the best Halloween costume? Because even if there are 30 other Rick & Mortys at the party it makes the perfect sense.,Hey girl do you want to squanch?,Hey take your pants off it’s schwifty time today!,Hi I´m Mr. Meeseeks! Look at meee!,I have a different kinda mega seed I’m gonna shove up your butthole 2nite.,I have to fulfill my purpose so I can go away!,I need you more than Rick needs Morty.,I need you more than Rick needs Szechwan sauce.,I’ve been watching you drink  I get the feeling you’ve got a hard job. I wonder what it takes to please you; that´s the job I want. Part time. Full time. I wanna be good at it bad at it. I wanna get promoted fired. Corner office hostile takeover workplace accident. I´m on my knees. Praying worshipping begging. Whatever you want. What do you think about that?”,If I were a Meeseeks I´d stay at your side for at least three days.,In an infinite number of universes I´d pick you in all of them.,Let´s go back to my place and re-watch all seasons of Rick & Morty.,Let’s get riggity riggity wrecked girl!,No matter where you are in the universe I'll always teleport to you.,Ooooh yeah! Can do!,Remember me? No? I must have used mind blowers on you. Here let me refresh your memory.,Rick potion babe?,Shit on the floor!,Show me what you got under that shirt.,Show me what you got!,Squanch?,Swiggity swooty can I cum on your booty?,Wanna get schwifty together?,We gotta get naked so the Somalian space pirates can´t see us.,What's your nipple race? Show me what you got under that shirt.,Would you have a better relationship with me than Jerry and Beth?,You’re a fine piece of ass and I can prove it mathematically.,Accident or not admit it it was a little awesome.,Are you eleven? Because I can make you scream.,Are you Eleven? Cause we got something going on.,Are you from the upside down? Because you are demogorgeous.,Are you gonna be a mouthbreather or are you actually going to blow?,Are you wearing a space suit because you are out of this world.,Are you Will from the upside down? Because you light up my life.,Are you Will? Because I'd flip you upside down.,Babe let's not limit our Stranger Things to Netflix.,Can I have the hopper-tunity to ask you out?,Can’t have more than one best friend. But you could sure have lots of sleep buddies.,Do you know anything about sensory deprivation tanks? We can get some fun with it.,Do you like pearls? You will never be able to resist these pearls.,Do you wanna be normal? Do you wanna be just like everyone else? Instead let's be freaks is the best. Time to get freaky!,Do you want eggos or coffee in the morning?,Girl do you prefer upside down or maybe even Stranger things?,Girl you don't need anything. You are pretty really pretty.,Girl I would ask for Netflix and chill but you seem into Stranger Things.,Hey girl are you a government experiment? Because you could definitely use my 11.,Hey girl don't be a Stranger Things let's get to know each other.,Hey girl if you go out with me I’ll show you the strangest thing you’ll ever see,I am gonna slay 'em dead. Like a pussy.,I am not stalking you I just aspire to be like Jonathan Byers.,I don’t care if anyone believes me. I am not gonna stop looking for you until I find you and bring you home! I am going to you home!,I found the chocolate pudding! And I want more of where that stuff came from.,I like it cold let's get naked.,I like you more than the amount of salt it took to make Eleven's sensory deprivation pool.,I Noah a girl who wants to date you.,I once cut my chin open on a desk by doing a cartwheel while dancing.,I ship us more than Finn ships Mileven.,If we were walkie talkies you'd be in my range.,If we’re both going crazy then we’ll go crazy together right?,If you are the Demogorgon call me blood.,I'll be the eggo to your Eleven.,Is your name 11? Cause I'll make you enjoy some Stranger Things experience.,Is your name Nancy? Because I’m going to take creepy pictures of you from a distance while you’re in your room.,Let's get coffee and contemplate our future relationship.,Let's make it a one time…two time thing.,Let's study.,Maybe they should call you Mirkwood because I wanna ride you at night.,Mornings are for coffee and contemplation.,My love for you is bigger than Barb's glasses.,No pick up lines can make you Dustin' me away.,Noah? More like Woah.,Oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god.,On a scale of 1-10 you are an 11.,Out of two you are an 11 matching with me seems upside down. But I have seen much stranger things.,So I heard you like toothless frog-faces at midnight?,So I am really good at the pull-out?,The space in my heart for you is bigger than the space in Dustin's teeth.,There’s more to life than stupid boys you know. You are ready for a man in you.,We are totally not a thing like catch on.,We will date.,We're Not in Hawkins Anymore ready for some Fawking?,When I see you I think 'what? No! ew gross!.',Why are you keeping this curiosity door locked? Let me help you open it up.,Why do we even need weapons anyway. You have me.,Wow. She looks…—Pretty… Good. You look pretty good.,You act like you’re all alone out there in the world but you’re not. You’re not alone.,You are finger-lickin’ good.,You don't need a will to love me.,You must love Stranger Things because Luc-at that -ass,You’re going to take out a Demogorgon with a slingshot? No I am going to do with the rocket in my pants.,Your virginity will disappear faster than Eleven did.,You're one in a mill-ie-on.,You're the table to my Dustin's fists.
